My design is flawed but working.  I need a review of what files do what and see if we can separate them into individual functions.  My site development environment is on replit.  Can you help?  I want to tackle one feature at a time.  I want you to ask lots of questions and only make changes when we both agree.  My web app has the following features right now: Admin feature with two sub features that should work on their own; a Manage Users Feature and a Manage Watchlist feature.  Also has a sign up feature which allows new users to register.  Another Feature is a login feature.  This feature allows users and admins to log in.  This feature based on your credentials determines weather or not the user is an admin or not. And presents the user with the correct navigation bar.  The navigation bar is also a feature and should appear on every page served.  by keeping the navigation bar a feature of the web app we are able to display it consistently Through the app.  The navigation bar always displays our logo, a stock quote app, a tools menu, a Education menu, a Admin menu (only for admins) , an icon that displays your ID (email id) when you hover over it, and a logout option.  The web app tools menu has two stand alone features 1-Options calculator and 2-Watchlist Forecast.  Each should be stand alone.  The Education menu, currently has one feature Video Tutorials which is another feature.  Each of these features should have a standard style and color and fonts, all the pages should have a consistent look and feel and that should be centralized for the web app and future features.  Each of these should be stand alone and it should be easy to pick out what files we need to work on because the naming conventions should reflect the name of the feature and/or function.   The web app also has a database which is used for managing users and maintaining the watchlists. 

My goal for this project is to look at the files we have in the tar file and each function I've outlined and see what needs to be done to improve our current structure which seems a bit off.  Starting with our routes/api.py  this file would become extremely difficult to troubleshoot if I add 100 new features/functions to this web app (called selling-options.com).  

if it is easier to look directly at my replit some how just walk me thru that process.  My entire project on replit is linked to github and I am currently able to sync replit via github to a development server on my synology NAS.  I also have a production https://selling-options.com which is hosted on AWS EC2.  My goal is to eventually be able to move the site from my NAS to a dev server on AWS and then to a production server on AWS.  But before any of that I need the structure of my web app looking more manageable where all the files describe their function/feature and are standalone so that one bug doesn't bring down the entire app.    